Welcome everyone to the solution for machine learning.
Question number 6.
So this question was given a data set of features X and labels y What assumptions are made when using
naive Beys methods.
So the naive base algorithm assumes that the features of x are conditionally independent of each other
for the given y.
So the idea that each features in the pen of each other may actually not always be true but we assume
it to be true to apply naive Abbe's and the naive assumption that each features independent of every
other feature in relation to Y is where the namesake of naive comes from because it's a naive assumption
to make.
OK you can check out the resources in the guidebook if you're interested in more details behind the
Navy's theorem.
We'll see you at the next lecture.